gg-give Oh what's good was good at your
boy Dells back again DJ delz TV com
youtube.com forward slash DJ delz TV a
lot of Jordan ines of released in 2010 I
wanted to make a video going through all
them and then at the end of the video
let me know which one you guys like the
best in what order I I did that with the
sixes and I want to do that with the
nines I just got these today these are
the jordan 9 charcoals real real nice
i'm going to do a quick review on them
got a black upper nice new book then
it's got this charcoal gray wrapped
around the toe box toward the back 23 in
red the globe and red inside is red with
the red jumpman red pull strap black
midsole with the red jumpman red jumpman
on the bottom of course real clean sugar
i really like to show a lot this one
does not have like any of that speckle
some people call 3m some people call it
sparkles speckle whatever you want to
call it this one does not have any of
that on this one so we have the charcoal
one of the first releases that came out
were the powder blue lines warnings a
couple of times see I wear my sneakers
then after this release came the citrus
nine one of my favorites this is a great
great sneaker after this shoe came the
big nine this is a really really nice
sneak of course a lot of people wanted
this sneaker it was really limited
beautiful beautiful shoot I think you
know a lot of people are going to say
this is the nicest one but I may be
wrong then after this sneaker came on
powders I love the material on this shoe
it's really really nice new buck on it
appling anyone that has a sneaker knows
what I'm talking about it's really nice
after this sneaker comes the quad 50 for
this is a really really nice cut away a
lot of people call this on citrus and
then once again the latest release the
charcoal knives even though the quiet 54
is actually dropped after these but i
got them before let me know leave a
comment thanks for watching and make
sure to rate comment subscribe if you're
looking for sneakers go to one of the
places that i always go to super kicks I
put the link in the description make it
real convenient for y'all and I'm gonna
get back to you guys really really
really soon shout out to the Commission
shouts everyone that checks me out on
the tinychat check out tinychat.com
forward slash DJ delz we up in there
every single night usually around eleven
o'clock eastern time eleven o'clock p.m.
eastern time make sure you check that
out doing the sneakers and music go over
there I
you